move configs to models subfolder (#6868)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/lookback.md

id: "lookback"
sidebar_label: "lookback"
resource_types: [models]

> description: "dbt uses `lookback` to determine how many 'batches' of `batch_size` to reprocess when a microbatch incremental model is running incrementally."

Reviewer: Sort of saying the same thing twice at the end there
```suggestion
description: "Configure `lookback` to determine how many 'batches' of `batch_size` to reprocess when a dbt microbatch incremental model runs incrementally" 
```

Author: it is you're right! but my point of view is that not everyone may immediately grasp that an incremental model is, by definition, running incrementally. based on my experience with support, i like to try to be explicit as possible . also didn't think it was a big risk since this is in the description? how about:

> Configure lookback to determine how many 'batches' of batch_size to reprocess when a dbt microbatch incremental model runs incrementally

datatype: int
---

> <VersionCallout version="1.9" />

Reviewer: Doesn't need to be addressed with this PR but this renders as "Available from dbt v1.9 or with the dbt Cloud "Latest" release track" but the "Compatible" release track is v1.9, so wouldn't it be available there too? Maybe I'm overanalyzing, but it seems confusing
```suggestion
<VersionCallout version="1.9" />
```

## Definition

> Set the `lookback` to an integer greater than or equal to zero. The default value is `1`.  You can configure `lookback` for a [microbatch incremental model](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch) in your `dbt_project.yml` file, property YAML file, or config block.

Reviewer: Maybe nitpicking but this section doesn't actually define what "lookback" is.

Author: ah i didn't write this and i think it was merged in [this pr](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/6575) that you worked with Quigley on but i'm happy to define it in this pr

Author: will add:

> Configure a `lookback` window to reprocess additional batches during [microbatch incremental model](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch) runs. It processes X batches up to the latest bookmark (the last successfully processed data point) to capture late-arriving records.  

> Set the `lookback` to an integer greater than or equal to zero. The default value is `1`.  You can configure `lookback` for a microbatch incremental model n your `dbt_project.yml` file, property YAML file, or config block.
